---
layout: post
title: Week 5 - Project Evaluations
---


**What are your thoughts about different projects that you have looked at so far?**
None of them so far seem like a particularly good candidate for contribution. The project my group was assigned to
for instance, [Atmosphere](https://github.com/Atmosphere-NX/Atmosphere), had what felt like below the bare minimum
for contributing instructions and general assistance. Unfortunately, the other groups seemed to find issues as well.
Across the board, none seemed a like great projects for first-time contributers. What's especially unfortunate to me
is that the project I really wanted to get involved in, (Project Slippi)[https://github.com/project-slippi], doesn't 
seem to be a good option as I'm not super knowledgeable of the technology stack and there are very few beginner friendly
issues.

<!--more-->

**What are you most excited about regarding working on an open source project?**
I think I'm most excited to get a real taste of what working in software development with other people is like.
Most of what I've learned during my time at NYU has been either theoritical, or only been applied to class assignments
so I'm excited to do some real world application. 


**What do you think will be the biggest challenges? Wow do you plan to overcome them?**
I think the biggest challenge for me will be getting over my nervousness to actually contribute.
It's a bit daunting to be a programmer with little real world experience trying fix issues on 
long-standing projects. I think the solution is to start small and work my way up to bigger contributions.
Additionally, it would be helpful to remember that at the end of the day, the worst that could happen is that
my contributions don't get accepted. It's not like I am going to single-handedly break some massive project.