---
layout: post
title: Week 2 - Setting a Community Standard
---


**In your own words explain the benefits of having such a document for a project. Do you think other projects would benefit from having such a document?**
Benefits seem pretty obvious to me. The anonymity of the internet means that people will act and interact with others
in ways that are not acceptable. Outlining what is acceptable behavior, then, is necessary for both the safety of
contributors as well as the overall community 'vibe'. Beyond just that, making goals/values clear makes things more approachable
to first-time contributors, and spelling out how conflicts will be addressed seems very useful for when they pop up down the line.

**Follow the link at the bottom of the above document to the Contributor Covenant website. Find two differences between the two code of conduct documents. Try to explain why the Go project might have made those changes.**
The Go document added a values section not present in the Contributor Covenant website. I liked seeing that because you take really say that they're "our values" if it's just taken from a template. Additonally, spelling out these values sets the tone and ethos for a project in a way that the more 'legalese'-like standards section doesn't really allow for. Another difference (and a necessary one) is the Go project stating more in-depth how conflicts can/will be handled, as well as the pertinent contact info.

**Try to find the code of conduct document for Eclipse. Post the link as part of your answer. You will discover that this document has different structure and content than the one for the Go project. Try to explain why that is.**
Link: https://www.eclipse.org/org/documents/Community_Code_of_Conduct.php
The standards section is a bit different. It mostly the same content, but the Eclipse project opted to make a new bullet note for each clause, rather than each sentence. Maybe there is a legal reason for this, or it's just to emphasis each thing. Unlike the Go document, there is no values section. However, the Eclipse document goes into more fine detail about conflict resolution protocols. Additionally, the Eclipse document has a very brief section saying that the document can be amendmended and by whom it can be amended by. This could be included because it's an even bigger project or perhaps in the past there was an issue that necessitated changing the document. Thus, this provision was added just to alleiviate any confusion or argument. 

**What does it tell you about open source communities and how to interact with them?**
Open source communities are diverse in many ways: identity, socioeconomic brackground, linguistically, etc. Being a good participant means interacting with empathy and patience. Especially given how scattered contributers can be, regular communication is super important. Additionally, like anything, open source projects are drone to factures and disagreements. This makes respect and a goal of building concensus even more important

**What lessons does it offer for any group work / projects that you may be part of?**
Set the terms upfront and clearly. Having a clear Code of Conduct to refer to comes in handy when conflict arises or simply communication breaks down. I've been on several group projects where roles and expectations where not set properly. I'd find myself either struggling to find a place to contribute or having no choice but to do the vast majority of the project myself. Laying things out ahead of time could definitely eleviate this. It would at least provide something to point to if the conflict needs to be escalated. Additionally, being flexible and agile is vital. Especially for contributers not getting paid, an absolute resitence to change might push them away. Same is true for projects I might find myself a part of. Everyone wants to be heard, and no one wants to feel like they are putting in hard work to something they have no say in.
