---
layout: post
title: Week 3 - Browser Extension Presentations
---

This week, each of the groups presented their browser extensions that they had been working on for the last week. Most of the extensions were pretty simple, so what mainly distinguished them was how polished the presentation and extension itself were. In terms of the extensions themselves, I was particularly impressed by Team 5's [Quick Notes](https://github.com/ossd-s25/Quick-Notes). The functionality of being able to create and manage in-browser notes is very useful, and the Markdown and LaTeX support is really just above and beyond. The README for the project is similarly as fleshed out. The whole thing looks and feels like a project that wasn't made in a week for a class.

Speaking projects feeling very professional, I thought [Meowtivation](https://github.com/ossd-s25/Meowtivation) was not only very fun, but organized and set-up very well. The extra effort to set up the GitHub Issues tab with proper categories and mandatory "I read the Code of Conduct" checkbox went a long way. Much like the previous extension I mentioned, the README for this project was also great. The custom logo was super cute and all of the pictures demonstrating how the extension works made the whole thing much more visually appealing.

<!--more-->

I think the biggest takeaway for me was how important presentation and small details are to making one's project feel more professional and welcoming. As a aspiring open source contributer, checking out a project's repo only to see walls of text can be overwhelming and plain boring. The addition of pictures and smart formatting, then, should be points of emphasis. For the next project, I think I'll want to make things more professional by really focusing on these small details.