---
layout: post
title: Week 12 - The Cathedral, the Bazaar, and the Coffeehouse 
---
**Reflect on the lessons for The Cathedral and the Bazaar essay, talk about two or three from the perspective of what you are observing in the project that you are working on with your group**
Froma Bazaar perspective, the project we're working on, Oppia, is a great example. They welcome contributions, fixes, feature requests from anyone and everyone. Many of the pull requests have 15+ comments of back-and-forth between contributors. On the other hand, from a Cathedral perspective, would-be contributers need a ready solution and explicity permission from a senior member (often the same guy) to make a PR. Additionally, all Issues are vetted by a selected group of people prior to being open to the public for contributions.

**Reflect on the Coffeehouse idea that Clause Warren was talking about**
On paper I think the idea makes sense, especially when it comes to colloborating on upholding old dependencies. To be honest though, that level of colllaboration and coordinate seems very hard to achieve. I think the prioritizing of OSPOs makes things more manageable, but it's such a high-level problem that I have a hard time understanding exactly how things would work.

**In your own words, talk about the role OSPO play in the companies that you found**
It seems like most of the big tech firms have an OSPO, to varying levels of commitment and prominence. Google, for example, has contibuted a ton of time and funding to building and contributing to an open source ecosystem. 