---
layout: post
title: Week 3 - Browser Extension
---

Our group decided to make a browser extension that makes text on a webpage rainbow. It's a pretty simply, but fun idea that seems like a good option given that this assignment is more about the organization of an open source project than about the specific of the extension.

I think my group made pretty gpod progress in the assignment, given the time we had. By the end of class we had already finished parts 1-3, which mainly consisted of becoming familiar with how to make a browser extension, as well as looking at existing extensions and open source repos. Generally, we got through the questions with little issue or friction, with everyone having a chance to speak and sharw what they think. We even helped each other figure out some small git issues that came up. We also delegated among ourselves who is doing what when it comes to actually making the extension and additional open source project files. 

<!--more-->

For parts 1-3, I'd say the contributions were all about equal. When it came to the actual extension, I decided to just bite the bullet on doing the CONTRIBUTING.md file, since it seemed like it would be one of the more tedious ones. Not really sure what else to say about the group work. We worked well as a team. 

Turns out, the CONTRIBUTING.md file is actually pretty straightforward. I looked some existing open source repos to get a general sense of the expected workflow, as well as drawing from my experience in a Software Engineering class.